TITLE: 'Grand Theft Auto 6' reveals two new artists for 'The Album'
DATE: 2026-10-09T08:43:19+00:00
URL: https://www.nme.com/news/gaming-news/cardi-b-grand-theft-auto-6-the-album-fuerza-regida-3972743
SUMMARY: Joining PinkPantheress, Morgan Wallen, Travis Scott and more

Cardi B, 2026. CREDIT: Atlantic Records 

Two new songs from Grand Theft Auto 6’s companion album have been shared – check out Cardi B ’s ‘Don’t Chart’ and Fuerza Regida’s ‘Suzuki’ below: 
READ MORE: Loading Leonida: what we learned from the ‘Grand Theft Auto 6’ Extended Look on Netflix 
Announced last month, ‘Grand Theft Auto 6: The Album’ is an ambitious record featuring 34 original songs from some of the biggest artists in the world , created to go alongside the launch of Grand Theft Auto 6 . 
Advertisement 

Six songs from the project have already been released, including Travis Scott ’s ‘RHYNO’, Morgan Wallen ’s  ‘Last Thing You Need’ and ‘Bright Lights, Big City’ from The Rolling Stones ’ Keith Richards . Today (Friday October 9) two new tracks have been revealed. 
Cardi B’s ‘Don’t Chart’ is a swaggering, playful rap track while Fuerza Regida’s ‘Suzuki’ is a groovy trap-infused folk ballad – check them both out below: 

WATCH 

“‘Grand Theft Auto 6: The Album’ features 34 original tracks that capture the electric energy of Grand Theft Auto 6 ’s world of Vice City and Leonida, with a genre-defying roster of the most exciting and preeminent artists in the world,” explains a press release. 
“‘Grand Theft Auto 6: The Album’ will arrive alongside the next evolution of the pioneering in-game radio stations, dynamic score, and musical touchpoints that anchor the series.” 
All the songs confirmed for ‘Grand Theft Auto 6: The Album’ so far are: 
Yung Lean – ‘That’s It (feat. Future & Metro Boomin)’ 
Travis Scott – ‘RHYNO’ 
CA7RIEL & Paco Amoroso, PinkPantheress, Fred again.., & Etienne de Crécy – ‘Sexy Magic’ 
Morgan Wallen – ‘Last Thing You Need’ 
Rauw Alejandro – ‘Macacoa 2000’ 
Keith Richards – ‘Bright Lights, Big City’ 
Cardi B – ‘Don’t Chart’ 
Fuerza Regida – ‘Suzuki’ 
Yesterday (Thursday October 8) Rockstar Games announced the first six radio stations that will feature in Grand Theft Auto 6 . The developers also confirmed that players will be able to listen to the curated stations outside of vehicles via headphones and smartphones. 
Recommended 

As well as “the biggest and widest-ranging selection” of music yet, Grand Theft Auto 6 will also feature on-demand podcasts. 
Both Grand Theft Auto 6 and ‘The Album’ will be released November 19. 

Related Topics 
Rap 
Cardi B 
Grand Theft Auto VI 

You May Also Like
