TITLE: [UPDATE: Confirmed] Cardi B and Fuerza Regida Could Be Next Artists for GTA 6 Soundtrack
DATE: 2026-10-05T09:22:43+05:30
URL: https://beebom.com/gta-6-spotify-leak-reveals-cardi-b-fuerza-regida-joining-soundtrack/
SUMMARY: A new GTA 6 Spotify leak reveals two artists tied to Tracks 10 and 19, hinting that Rockstar could reveal more of the soundtrack this week.

Home > News > [UPDATE: Confirmed] Cardi B and Fuerza Regida Could Be Next Artists for GTA 6 Soundtrack 
[UPDATE: Confirmed] Cardi B and Fuerza Regida Could Be Next Artists for GTA 6 Soundtrack 

Sagnik Adhikary 
Updated: October 9, 2026 

Copied 

Image Credit: Beebom 

// Update 1 (09/10/2026 9:00 am) Two new singles from GTA 6 album revealed 

In Short 

A new GTA 6 Spotify leak has revealed two new artists for Tracks 10 and 19 on the album. 
According to the leak, Fuerza Regida will join the music album for Track 10, while Cardi B will appear on Track 19. 
Spotify has since taken down their names, fueling speculations for a new GTA 6 drop this week. 

Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source Add as a preferred source on Google 
A new week means another GTA 6 reveal could be just around the corner. This time, Rockstar Games may be gearing up to reveal new artists joining the highly anticipated GTA 6 music album . According to a new Spotify leak, Fuerza Regida and Cardi B will appear on the 34-track album, specifically on Tracks 10 and 19. 

X user Gameide4 spotted the new GTA 6 Spotify leak, which fueled rumors that Rockstar might reveal more artists this week, including Fuerza Regida for Track 10 and Cardi B for Track 19. The speculation grew after Spotify removed the listing. Image Credit: X/@videotech 
Cardi B is a Grammy-winning rapper from the Bronx who broke through with “Bodak Yellow” and became one of hip-hop’s biggest mainstream stars, best known for hits like “I Like It” and “WAP.” Meanwhile, the Mexican-American music group Fuerza Regida blends regional Mexican music with hip-hop and urban influences. 
Rockstar is clearly leaning into Latin American music for the GTA 6 soundtrack, and we’ve already heard one example, “Se Me Nota,” in the GTA 6 Extended Look on Netflix . However, with both Cardi B and Mexican-American music group Fuerza Regida bringing Latin influences to the soundtrack, Rockstar appears to be leaning further into Latin American music. 
Of course, Lucia’s role in GTA 6 gives Rockstar a clear reason for this, given her Hispanic/Latina background. For now, we only know the following Tracks on the GTA 6 album artists on Spotify, barring the leaks: 

Track 2: Yung Lean – That’s It (feat. Future & Metro Boomin) 
Track 4: Travis Scott – RHYNO (prod. by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo) 
Track 5: CA7RIEL & Paco Amoroso, PinkPantheress, Fred again.., & Etienne de Crécy – Sexy Magic 
Track 8: Morgan Wallen – Last Thing You Need 
Track 11: Rauw Alejandro – Macacoa 2000 
Track 32: Keith Richards – Bright Lights, Big City 
The GTA 6 Spotify leak suggests we’ll learn more about the 34-track album this week, with Cardi B and Fuerza Regida’s appearances already public. 

Related Articles 

GTA 6 Criminal Profile Explained: All Honor Ranks in Grand Theft Auto VI 
Bipradeep Biswas Oct 2, 2026 

GTA 6 Weather System Explained: All Weather Types and How They Work 
Sanmay Chakrabarti Sep 30, 2026 

GTA 6 Collector’s Edition vs Ultimate: Which Should You Buy? 
Sagnik Adhikary Sep 25, 2026 

GTA 6 Collector’s Edition: Items, Price and How to Buy 
Sagnik Adhikary Sep 24, 2026 

Update 1 (09/10/2026 9:00 am) 
In an official X post, Rockstar Games has confirmed the release of two new singles from the GTA 6 Album. These songs are: 
Suzuki -Fuerza Regida 
Don’t Chart – Cardi B 
You can listen to the latest songs on Spotify, and don’t forget to order the album disc or vinyl while you’re at it. 

Check out two brand-new singles from Grand Theft Auto VI: The Album – ‘Suzuki’ by Fuerza Regida and ‘Don’t Chart’ by Cardi B. 
Listen now on all major music streaming services, and pre-order the full album on vinyl or CD at https://t.co/1pibFJjVGX https://t.co/TOxqlvgi9x 
— Rockstar Games (@RockstarGames) October 9, 2026 

#Tags 
Grand Theft Auto 6 featured 

Sagnik Adhikary 
Sagnik Adhikary is a Gaming News Writer at Beebom with over 4 years of experience covering all sorts of news, guides, listicles, and more. He is an avid fan of single-player titles, expanding his coverage on games like GTA, God of War, Resident Evil, and more. He's also a sucker for terrfying horror games like Silent Hill 2, Alan Wake 2, and Dead Space, and is always looking for his next single-player obsession. After work, you'll find him swinging through Marvel's Spider-Man 2, driving around in Forza Horizon 5, or counting down the days till GTA 6. 

Comments 0 

Leave a Reply Cancel reply 

Loading comments...
