TITLE: GTA 6 leaker returns with 25-minute gameplay showcase, including Jason and Lucia customisation
DATE: 
URL: https://www.gamingbible.com/news/gta-6-leaker-25-minute-gameplay-showcase-280208-20261008
SUMMARY: Also featuring Jason in his birthday suit...

News 

PlayStation 

PC 

Steam 

Xbox 

Nintendo 

Reviews 

Home > News 

Published 13:22 8 Oct 2026 GMT+1 
GTA 6 leaker returns with 25-minute gameplay showcase, including Jason and Lucia customisation 

GTA 6 leaker Cyberleeks has returned with more gameplay. It includes Jason and Lucia wandering around naked. 

Sam Cawley Follow us on Google Discover 

Somehow, Cyberleek returned… The infamous Grand Theft Auto VI leaker has reemerged with a fresh look at Rockstar’s next open-world game. 
Cyberleek was teasing his comeback earlier this week and is once again charging people for things we’ll be seeing ourselves in around a month’s time. It should go without saying, but please don’t waste your money. 
The new gameplay footage, shared to Reddit by u/ZamnBoii , is around 25 minutes long, which is the biggest leak so far. Based on the footage, the leaker has access to the debug menu, as they’re able to spawn in vehicles like a tank. If that doesn’t set off some alarm bells, this next part will. 
Cyberleek’s GTA 6 leak strips Jason and Lucia of their clothes 
Their gameplay also shows off some of the in-game activities you’ll be able to partake in as Jason or Lucia. These include dirt bike races as seen in the trailer, and as you move into the city, you’ll be able to take part in street races too like in Grand Theft Auto V. 

The other thing worth noting is the customisation, or lack thereof. Footage of Jason and Lucia wandering Leonida in the nude is already going viral with gooners. 

Advert 

When Cyberleek wasn’t letting Jason hang out, he was showing viewers what kind of clothing options are available in the game, and we even get a glimpse at vehicle customisation too. 
It doesn’t look like much has changed since GTA V, but how can you improve on clothing options and modified cars? 
READ NEXT: GTA 6 PC availability update issued after last-minute 'confirmation' sparks chaos 
How does Cyberleek still have access to GTA 6? 
After their last round of leaks, which were followed up by Rockstar’s official showcase on Netflix, Cyberleek sort of dropped off the radar for a while. 
Many speculated that they’d been caught, and believed the tease from the other day was law enforcement checking they’d found the right account. That’s obviously been disproven, though, by Cyberleek once again delivering previously unseen gameplay, for a price. 
It’s still unclear how they have such a comprehensive version of the game, complete with access to the debug menu. That’s probably how they were able to strip Jason and Lucia of their clothing, as we doubt Rockstar would allow that in-game, even with how raunchy the Grand Theft Auto series can get. 
Chances are Rockstar Games is either still looking for the now infamous leaker, or is simply ignoring them, knowing that they can’t do any meaningful damage now that the game is so close to launch. 
The only remaining fear is Cyberleek sharing a major story spoiler, but given how much we’ve seen already, we’re surprised it hasn’t already happened. It’s almost as if they don’t have access to the actual story mode. 
READ NEXT: GTA 6's first free in-game reward surfaces as DLC up for grabs ahead of launch Featured Image Credit: Rockstar Games 
Topics: GTA 6 , Grand Theft Auto , Rockstar Games , GTA 

GTA 6 gamers goon over fully nude Jason as 7 new gameplay features confirmed 
GTA 6 doesn't need to mock Donald Trump to deliver its sharpest political satire 
GTA 6 gamers cancel pre-orders as Rockstar's latest reveal branded 'slop' and 'junk' 
GTA 6's successor at Rockstar reportedly surfaces, and it's not Red Dead Redemption 3 

Choose your content:
