TITLE: GTA 6 star-studded radio stations and on-demand podcasts revealed | TheSixthAxis
DATE: 2026-10-08T20:27:04+00:00
URL: https://www.thesixthaxis.com/2026/10/08/gta-6-star-studded-radio-stations-and-on-demand-podcasts-revealed/
SUMMARY: Rockstar has pumped up the volume to reveal the star-filled radio stations that will feature in Grand Theft Auto VI, getting the likes of Bad Bunny, Lana

Rockstar has pumped up the volume to reveal the star-filled radio stations that will feature in Grand Theft Auto VI , getting the likes of Bad Bunny, Lana Del Rey, Kerry King and Tom Araya from Slayer and more to host. 
The radio isn’t the only thing you can listen to in GTA 6 , though, with a range of on-demand podcasts to listen to instead. You can tune in when your driving around, as is traditional, but you can also block out the world by popping on some headphones or earbuds to listen via smartphone. 
Per Rolling Stone, we have the following famous voices. 
Cocoteo FM: A Latin music station hosted by El Martillo and La Gata (Bad Bunny and RaiNao). 
Back Country Radio: MW and Delta Dawne (Lana Del Ray and Morgan Wallen) host a country music station, with a guest spot for Mud Dog Mike (Del Rey’s husband, Jeremy Dufrene) 
AfroBank FM: Get the best in African music, hosted by Burna and Palmy (Burna Boy and DJ Palms Trax) 
The Chamber 106.6: A full-blooded metal station with DJ Kerry and DJ Tom (Slayer’s Kerry King and Tom Araya) 
Flash FM: A pop music channel with Robyn and Alex (Robyn and Alex Consani) 
Dirty South Classics: A rap and hip-hop station hosted by Trina and Trick (Trina and Trick Daddy) 
Can’t help but feel that some of those pseudonyms were a little more inventive than others. Some were barely giving any pseudo! 
You can pop over to the GTA 6 site to preview the stations . 
These stations will be able to lean on the GTA 6 album, which features 34 original tracks from artists including Yung Lean, Travis Scott, Morgan Wallen, Keith Richards, and more. 
We’re really not that far away from release anymore, with GTA 6 set to launch on 19th November. It will be a purely single player experience on day one, with Take Two and Rockstar keeping as quiet as can be about any kind of new generation of GTA Online. The CEO of Twitch let slip that it will probably be a wait until 2027 , but hopefully not too late in the year. 
Source: Press release, Rolling Stone 
Tags: Grand Theft Auto VI , GTA 6 

Written by 
Stefan L 

I'm probably wearing toe shoes, and there's nothing you can do to stop me! 

Related stories from TSA 

Xbox quashes rumours it had exclusive GTA 6 streaming rights 
07/10/26 

Pre-orders open for the $400 GTA 6 Collectors Edition 
24/09/26 

Twitch CEO claims GTA 6 Online will launch in 2027 
17/09/26 

Grand Theft Auto VI: The Album revealed, and it’s coming out on physical media 
17/09/26 

Leave a Reply Cancel Reply 
You must be logged in to post a comment.
