TITLE: GTA 6 radio stations revealed and you can listen to them now - Dexerto
DATE: 2026-10-08T15:04:12.000Z
URL: https://www.dexerto.com/gta/gta-6-radio-stations-revealed-and-you-can-listen-to-them-now-3417185/
SUMMARY: Rockstar has revealed six of GTA 6’s radio stations, while also confirming players will be able to listen to music and podcasts on foot. 

Gaming GTA 
GTA 6 radio stations revealed and you can listen to them now 

by James Busby 

Published: Oct 08, 2026, 15:04 

Rockstar 
Add as a preferred source on Google Follow on Google News 

Rockstar has revealed six of GTA 6 ’s radio stations, while also confirming players will be able to listen to music and podcasts on foot. 

Radio has long been a staple of Grand Theft Auto, providing the soundtrack to everything from police chases to leisurely drives. However, GTA 6 will feature more ways for players to tune into Leonida’s airwaves. 
For the first time ever, fans will be able to listen to on-demand podcasts and radio stations while outside of vehicles. That’s not all either, as Rockstar has also shared three new screenshots ahead of the game’s November 19 launch. 
GTA 6 reveals radio stations and new ways to listen 
The six stations span pop, metal, country, Latin music, African music, and southern hip-hop, with Vice City’s Flash FM among the names in the lineup. 
Flash FM will deliver pop music that is “guaranteed to make you dance no matter where you find yourself in the Goodtime State.” 

Rockstar has revealed the GTA 6 radio stations 

You can preview the stations now, which include "Flash FM" from Vice City, "Dirty South Classics" and "Back Country Radio" pic.twitter.com/YkX4yCSIk2 — Dexerto (@Dexerto) October 8, 2026 
Meanwhile, Cocoteo FM’s El Martillo and La Gata will play modern Latin music, including bachata, merengue, dembow, and reggaeton. 

Country fans can tune into Back Country Radio, where MW and Delta Dawne broadcast to the Grassrivers, Port Gellhorn, and beyond. The station also features Mud Dog Mike, a roving reporter and swamp meteorologist who checks in from his airboat. 

1 of 3 

Next up is AfroBank FM, which is all about African music ranging from 20th-century classics to contemporary sounds such as amapiano and 3-step. 
Lastly, The Chamber 106.6 brings metal from the 1980s and beyond with DJ Kerry and DJ Tom, while Dirty South Classics features Trick and Trina playing regional rap and hip-hop classics. 

Rockstar has revealed the hosts of the radio stations in GTA 6: 

– Cocoteo FM: Bad Bunny & RaiNao 
– AfroBank FM: Burna Boy & Palms Trax 
– Chamber 106.6: Kerry King & Tom Araya 
– Flash FM: Robyn & Alex Consani 
– Dirty South Classics: Trick Daddy & Trina 
– Back Country Radio:… pic.twitter.com/EUOp3HUMPs — CharlieIntel (@charlieINTEL) October 8, 2026 
The new announcement also confirms that both radio and the new on-demand podcasts will be available in vehicles or on foot. To do so, players will be able to connect to Jason and Lucia’s smartphones using a pair of in-game headphones or earbuds. 

Related 

GTA 6 music album revealed with $125 limited-edition vinyl 

GTA 6 gameplay, map, radio, and cutscene leaked ahead of Netflix Extended Look 

GTA 6 leaker claims to reveal more songs from game’s soundtrack 
You can preview all six radio stations on the GTA 6 website for a taste of the music that will soundtrack your travels across the sunny shores of Leonida. 

For You ↓ 

Huge GTA 6 leak shows first-person gameplay despite Rockstar ruling it out at launch Next
