TITLE: GTA 6 leaker Cyberleek returns with 25 minutes of new gameplay after over a month of silence, showing first-person footage and more
DATE: 2026-10-08T11:59:00Z
URL: https://www.gamesradar.com/games/grand-theft-auto/gta-6-leaker-cyberleek-returns-with-25-minutes-of-new-gameplay-after-over-a-month-of-silence-showing-first-person-footage-and-more/
SUMMARY: And a lot of naked Jason

Skip to main content 

Join The Community 
- Join our community 

Commenting 
Join the discussion 

Exclusive Articles Coming Soon 
Member-only articles 

Weekly Newsletters 
Weekly gaming & entertainment news 

Member Badges 
Earn badges as you go 

Exclusive Competitions 
Members-only prize draws 

Curated Deals Coming Soon 
Tech and gaming deals worth grabbing 

GET COMMUNITY ACCESS QUICK 
For the quickest way to join, simply enter your email below and get access. We will send a confirmation and sign you up to our newsletter to keep you updated on all your gaming news. 
By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. 

FIND OUT ABOUT OUR MAGAZINE 
Want to subscribe to the magazine? Click the button below to
find out more information. Find out more 

GET Community ACCESS QUICK 

Join the GamesRadar community for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter. 
By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our Privacy Policy and agree to the Terms & Conditions . Geographical rules apply. 

Welcome to
GamesRADAR+ Community ! 
Hi , 
Your membership journey starts here. 
Keep exploring and earning more as a member. 
MY ACCOUNT 

Earn your first
badge 
Read 1 article to unlock your first badge. 

Keep earning badges 
Explore ways to get more involved as a member. 

Latest Games News 
Breaking gaming news and updates Read Now 

Latest Games Reviews 
Expert verdicts on the newest releases Read Now 

See what you’ve unlocked. 
Explore your membership benefits. 
Explore 

Member Exclusives 

Stay Ahead with GamesRadar+ 
Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox. Explore 
Sign Out 

Sign up to the GamesRadar+ Newsletter 
Weekly digests, tales from the communities you love, and more 

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. 

You are now subscribed 
Your newsletter sign-up was successful 

Want to add more newsletters? 

Join the club 
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards. 

An account already exists for this email address, please log in. 

(Image credit: Rockstar Games) 

Facebook 
X 
Pinterest 
Flipboard 
Email 
Share this article 
1 
Join the conversation 

Follow us 
Add us as a preferred source on Google 

Subscribe to our newsletter 
GTA 6 leaker Cyberleek has allegedly posted more footage of the game online, with story spoilers apparently included in the latest batch. 

Earlier this year, clips of GTA 6 started circulating online ahead of Rockstar's big extended Netflix reveal from a leaker referring to themselves as Cyberleek. This featured a ton of gameplay footage, a leak of the game's apparent map, and some story moments like a four-minute clip of Lucia's prologue in-game, dropping the first batch of story spoilers. Naturally, Take-Two and Rockstar took action against the leaks, but they still persisted, until the leaker seemingly disappeared with about $250,000 in crypto earnings , going silent in late August. 
However, it seems the leaker has returned, as Rockstar community member and dataminer TexFunz2 reports on Twitter that "Cyberleek has released 367 MB worth of GTA 6 leaked footage," which is 25 minutes long and "contains new footage and new cutscenes." And while they didn't drop any story details or anything, TexFunz2's only commentary on the footage says: "Yes. You can play as Jason with his ding dong exposed." 

Latest Videos From GamesRadar+ 

Watch full video here: 
Since this was posted, the footage has since been shared on social media by users, confirming the details outlined by TexFunz2. This includes cutscenes, in-game racing events, and a ton of naked Jason gameplay. It also shows first-person gameplay, which had featured in GTA 5 upon its PS4 and Xbox One releases, but a mode hadn't been confirmed by Rockstar for GTA 6, with some who saw the game reporting that one wouldn't be included at launch . 

Presumably this footage will soon be taken down by Take-Two and Rockstar, but it does mean spoilers are now out there. So basically, if you don't want any spoilers for GTA 6, I'd probably start muting some terms on social media right about now, because this could be the start of a new string of leaks. 
Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 lead wants GTA 6 to open the door to charging more for games. 

Sign up to the GamesRadar+ Newsletter 

Weekly digests, tales from the communities you love, and more 

TOPICS 

CATEGORIES 

Scott McCrae 

Contributor 

Scott has been freelancing for over four years across a number of different gaming publications, first appearing on GamesRadar+ in 2024. He has also written for the likes of PC Gamer, Eurogamer, VG247, Play, TechRadar, and others. He's typically rambling about Metal Gear Solid, God Hand, or any other PS2-era titles that rarely (if ever) get sequels. 

You must confirm your public display name before commenting 
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name. 

LATEST ARTICLES 

1 
Xbox forms Xbox Pictures to "reach fans beyond gameplay through film and television adaptations" but will remain hands-off 

2 
Clive Barker's Hellraiser: Revival review: "Pinhead's return is glorious – this is a true love letter to the original movies" 

3 
All Hellraiser Revival Genesis Configuration puzzle solutions 

4 
How to solve the peephole door puzzle in Hellraiser Revival to reach the voyeur room 

5 
Hellraiser Revival codes for all the cupboard, lockers and keypads 

Please login or signup to comment 
Please wait...
